Update doc to link to encoding (#5684)
microsoft/typespec: website/src/content/docs/docs/language-basics/built-in-types.md

| `offsetDateTime` | A date and time in a particular time zone, e.g. "April 10th at 3:00am in PST"       |
| `duration`       | A duration/time period. e.g 5s, 10h                                                 |

:::note

> Those types do not define any specific serialization forma they represent the a concept of time. Each protocol or serialization format should define the default serialization format.
> The default encodings for various protocol are defined here:
> 
> - [JSON over HTTP](../libraries/http/encoding/#utcdatetime-and-offsetdatetime)
> - [XML](../libraries/xml/guide.md)
>   :::
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These types do not define any specific serialization format. They represent the concept of time. Each protocol or serialization format should define the default serialization format.

The default encodings for various protocols are defined here:

- [JSON over HTTP](../libraries/http/encoding/#utcdatetime-and-offsetdatetime)
- [XML](../libraries/xml/guide.md)
  :::

```

Reviewer: There are some spelling/grammar mistakes, but also a few other suggestions.

| `offsetDateTime` | A date and time in a particular time zone, e.g. "April 10th at 3:00am in PST"       |
| `duration`       | A duration/time period. e.g 5s, 10h                                                 |

:::note

These types do not define any specific serialization format. They represent the concept of time. Each protocol or serialization format should define the default serialization format.

The default encodings for various protocols are defined here:

> - [JSON over HTTP](../libraries/http/encoding/#utcdatetime-and-offsetdatetime)

Author: ```suggestion
- [JSON over HTTP](../libraries/http/encoding.md#utcdatetime-and-offsetdatetime)
```
